[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
Now, the relationship
between Law
and Doflamingo's brother,
Corazon, is unveiled.
[stomach grumbles]
[BUFFALO]
Everyone, it's time to eat!
That blond bastard's crazy!
Hey, we were looking for you.
If you'll follow me,
Doffy would like to
have a word with you.
I got some words for him, too!
What in the hell?!
[LAW screams]
Man, you really hate kids.
Show a little compassion.
[LAW]
I'll kill him!
I was thinking Rakesh
should be our next target.
They think I'm blind
to the fact that
they're allying
with us one minute
then shaking hands with another
crew when I turn my back.
Breaks my heart,
but I might have to
make an example of them.
Huh?
Yes, boy? We're enjoying dinner!
Show that tramp the door.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Have a seat.
[ALL]
Hm?
[DOFLAMINGO]
I called for him.
You did what now?
[laughs] Hey, hey, Law.
It's been about a week, bud.
Bet you're here to
call it quits, huh?
I can't really blame you.
You've been Corazon's personal
punching bag since ya got here.
I'm shocked a runt like you
stuck it out so long.
When things get tough,
we usually see
the weaklings bail.
You've gotta have
some big stones
if you wanna run with us.
Well I'm not going anywhere!
[PICA]
That's what they all say.
Remember, Squirt.
We have a "Blood Law"
around here.
If Executives aren't
shown proper respect,
the Family falls apart.
This one time, I cracked up
at Mr. Pica's voice
and they nearly
tortured me to death.
[BABY 5 laughs]
If you're trying to
scare me off, it won't work.
I've already
experienced true hell.
[chuckles] You play
a good hand, kid,
but I see through your bluff.
Regardless, Corazon is
my dear brother by blood.
Should I find out anyone
lays a scratch on him,
let's just say,
it's curtains for them.
Look at his skin!
Keep away from us, boy!
That's White Lead Disease!
[gasps] I heard
that really hurts!
Is it contagious?
Leave before you infect us all!
[gasps]
Stop, Giolla.
You should know better than
to spout nonsense as facts.
Shame on you. Look at that.
You've wound Buffalo up.
It's caused by a toxin.
It can't spread
person to person.
Just stay away!
I don't care how you get it.
I'm not catchin'
your gross ass cooties!
[DOFLAMINGO] Tell me.
Are you the last one left?
Or are there any other
survivors of White Town?
Hell if I know.
I was busy escaping.
And how did you
manage to get away?
I hid in a mound of dead bodies
and snuck over the border.
[GLADIUS]
C'mon, we're eating!
I bet you have an ax to grind.
These days, I don't
believe in anything.
Huh...
And I'm not even afraid to die.
So, don't you go pressing
your luck with me, Corazon!
I have nothing to lose.
And before my time comes,
I plan on taking you down.
Are you that dumb?
Weren't you listening?
We're not above torturing
kids here! So don't try it!
You should never
mess with pirates!
And crying won't save you.
'Cause we're living in
a grown-up's world, okay?
[RAKESH PIRATES gasp]
[RAKESH PIRATE A]
The Don Quixote Family!
Open fire!
Armsmorphosis!
Here comes a Ten-Ton Vise!
[RAKESH PIRATES groan]
[screams]
[RAKESH PIRATE J groans]
[RAKESH PIRATE K screams]
Hey. So what's the deal
with that "White Town"
thing anyway?
[GLADIUS] It's another name
for the Kingdom of Flevance.
What do you want
to know about it?
[BABY 5]
What was it like?
[GLADIUS] It was a wealthy
place and everything
from their soil to their
foliage was pure white.
Visiting was like stepping into
a snow-filled
fairy tale kingdom.
It was often described as
having an unusual beauty to it.
[GLADIUS] One day,
they unearthed a type of metal
called "White Lead" just beneath
their kingdom's surface.
It was discovered that this was
the source of their
breathtaking landscape.
They harvested this
metal and used it
to make tableware,
paints, sweeteners,
cosmetics, and even weapons.
These unique products
drew attention
from all over the world
and became high in demand.
This in turn made
Flevance's economy boom.
Even the World Government
took notice and profited
by helping to
export their goods.
White Lead was a cash grab
for all those involved.
[LAW'S FATHER]
Law. For this kind of surgery,
you should focus on
these blood vessels.
I get it! Thanks for
helping me out, Dad.
[LAMMY] Big Brother!
You wanna go to the festival?
[LAW]
Not right now. I'm studying.
[LAMMY]
Aww! Come on! That's no fun!
[LAW]
I said, later.
Law. Listen to your sister.
Taking a break can help
push you even further.
Sometimes you need to go out
and have a little fun.
Maybe you should take
your own advice, Mom.
You work too hard.
Oh, I know!
What if we all went to
the festival as a family?
I'm not so sure.
What if you two took him?
Huh?
I can't fight that.
Sound like fun?
Just 30 minutes though.
I still have a fair number
of patients to see today.
Aww, yeah!
Law. Please say you'll go,
for your family.
Uh-huh!
[LAO G]
At one point in time,
White Town was the
fascination of the entire world.
[BABY 5 gasps]
I wanna go there, too!
Regrettably, it's gone!
With a capital G.
Huh?
[LAO G] A century ago, when the
White Lead industry first began,
the World Government surveyed
the land scrutinously.
The truth is,
Flevance held a secret.
What's the secret?
[GLADIUS]
White Lead's toxic.
If left intact underground,
it posed little harm.
But once handled, it slowly
poisoned its victims.
People got sick?
It was worse than sick.
It caused erosion
to the human body.
[BABY 5 gasps]
[GLADIUS] Sadly, both the
government and the royalty
were so blinded by
the incredible wealth
they were accumulating,
that they brushed the
dangerous truth under the rug.
The citizens continued
to excavate the White Lead
without knowing the risks.
So that means all those
poor people musta died?
[GLADIUS]
That's right.
And appallingly, the suffering
of Flevance's population
doesn't end there.
[GLADIUS]
Let's say a young man has even
a trace amount of
lead in his body.
If he eventually has offspring,
that child's life expectancy
would already be
shortened at birth.
[GLADIUS] And when that
child grew into an adult
and had children of their own,
their lifespan would be
even shorter still.
[GLADIUS] The life expectancy
kept reducing until eventually
it reached Law's generation.
They'd die before
making it to adulthood.
[RAKESH PIRATES scream]
[GLADIUS] Unfortunately,
by the time the world caught on
that White Lead was dangerous...
[GLADIUS]
...it was already too late.
[LAMMY] Come on, this way!
You're falling behind! Hurry!
Now, Lammy. You don't
have to rush Law.
But the festival
might end though!
It's not going anywhere.
[LAW'S MOTHER]
Lammy?
Lammy! What's wrong?
Are you okay?
[gasps] She's pale!
[gasps]
[GLADIUS] Slowly their
population started to collapse,
one after another.
Grandparents, mothers,
fathers, children.
The shifting life expectancies
caused the generations
to fall ill around
the same time.
They all showed
similar symptoms.
Their skin and hair tuned white
as their bodies writhed in pain.
No doctor could
stop their suffering.
[LAW'S FATHER gasps]
[BABY 5] So that means every
single person from his kingdom
died out then?
That's so sad.
[SEÑOR] But then,
the real misfortune began.
[BABY 5]
Huh?
Thing is, the neighboring
countries watched this unfold.
And with White Town's
population dropping like flies,
they made an assumption.
That White Lead Disease was
a highly contagious disorder.
They cut them off
in all directions.
Isolating them, while ignorantly
turning a blind eye.
[SEÑOR] With help from
the World Government,
their royals all safely
fled the country,
leaving their citizens behind.
And when people from White Town
tried to escape that hell hole,
be it in search of treatment
or their own safety,
they were treated like monsters
breaking out of their cages.
Shot on sight,
without hesitation.
Just one more injustice
covered up by those in power.
Dammit!
[SEÑOR]
They convinced themselves that
"it's their problem not ours."
Guess that's humanity
for you, huh?
But Flevance didn't
go down without a fight.
They had an abundance of lead
on hand, including bullets.
[RAKESH PIRATES scream]
[SEÑOR]
Naturally, war broke out.
This gave surrounding countries
the justification
to strike back,
and they did so without mercy.
I'm sure you can imagine
how that wrapped up.
[FLEVANCE PEOPLE screaming]
There you are!
Law! You must come with us!
We encountered some
compassionate soldiers.
They agreed to let
you children escape!
[FLEVANCE CHILDREN shouting]
[LAW] I can't. Not while
my little sister is dying.
I need to be there for her!
Lammy's dying? I'm sorry.
In that case,
I'll ask them to save you
a spot on the next ship then.
I vow to come back for you.
Law! You're not coming, too?
Now's our chance!
Run away with us!
We'll come back for Lammy later!
My mom and my dad
both died already!
But they told me to do
whatever I can to live on!
That's why I'm gonna
live no matter what!
[FLEVANCE CHILDREN yelling]
[FLEVANCE NUN A]
It's okay. Don't forget.
Even in darkness, there's hope.
Law, don't cry.
When times are
at their gloomiest,
just know someone's
watching over you.
[FLEVANCE WOMAN C]
Doctor, please help!
I need a doctor!
That's impossible!
I can't make it there.
[LAW'S FATHER]
Please, we're short staffed!
Plus, we're in dire need
of blood donations!
There must be a way
to remove the White Lead
from a contaminated body!
It's not contagious either!
Why won't the Government
address that yet?
Cuh-lick.
[LAW'S FATHER groans]
I can't move, Law.
My body hurts everywhere.
And my skin keeps
getting blotchier.
Keep hanging in there, Lammy.
Our father is the best doctor
in the whole kingdom.
I know he'll fix you up!
[FLEVANCE PEOPLE groan]
Why is it so noisy
outside right now?
Another festival.
Flevance has always been
the kind of town that
likes to show off.
Anyway, get well soon so we can
go to the next one together.
Uh-huh!
[SOLDIER A] Kill all
diseased patients on sight.
[gasps]
[LAW] Lammy, hide in here
until I come get you.
[SOLDIER B]
Located and purged two.
[LAW'S FATHER]
Law.
[LAW'S MOTHER] Law. Please say
you'll go, for your family.
[cries]
Wake up, Mom! Dad!
[LAW crying]
[SOLDIER C]
Someone's in here!
[LAW gasps]
[SOLDIER C] Don't let him
get away! Shoot him!
[LAW crying]
[FLEVANCE NUN A]
It's okay. Don't forget.
Even in darkness, there's hope.
[FLEVANCE NUN A] When times
are at their gloomiest,
just know someone's
watching over you.
[LAW cries]
Sister!
Everybody!
[LAW screaming]
[FLEVANCE BOY A]
You're not coming, too?
[FLEVANCE BOY B] That's why
I'm gonna live no matter what!
[LAW]
The hospital!
[LAW screams]
[sobbing]
Lammy!
No!
[SEÑOR] And just like that,
the beautiful "White Town"
Flevance was destroyed.
In the end, greed always
comes out on top.
If I went through that at ten,
I'd be screwed up
in the head, too.
[SEÑOR]
You can't blame the kid
for being rough
around the edges.
[LAW]
There. It's Corazon.
It's not fair that
my parents, my sister,
and my friends
from the church died
when this idiot
is allowed to live!
I'll do this quietly
and go unnoticed.
Nobody will care...
[LAW]
...if one scumbag goes missing.
[gasps]
[LAW]
Damn! He saw me.
Oh no! You're in
so much trouble!
You broke the Blood Law and
now you're gonna get impaled!
I'm telling on you!
Young Master!
[NARRATOR]
Doflamingo, born into wealth,
is a descendant of one of
the most powerful bloodlines
in the world:
the Celestial Dragons.
His family had everything.
That is, until their
fall from grace.
Revealing the details that led
to this life-changing event,
we also dive deeper into
Law's tragic childhood.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Celestial Dragon!
Doffy's Stormy Past!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!